Clarified matrix column order example in performance-tips.md (#33650)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/performance-tips.md

have significant performance effects when looping over arrays. A rule of thumb to keep in mind
is that with column-major arrays, the first index changes most rapidly. Essentially this means
that looping will be faster if the inner-most loop index is the first to appear in a slice expression.

> Keep in mind that accessing an array with `:` is a loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that accessing an array with `:` is an implicit loop.
```

> Keep in mind that accessing an array with `:` is a loop.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps a bit more?  I don't want to oversell this, though, as it's not nearly as bit of a deal as scalar accesses.

```suggestion
Keep in mind that indexing an array with `:` is an implicit loop that iteratively accesses all elements within a particular dimension; it can be faster to extract columns than rows, for example.
```

Author: Sure, it's mostly to understand the point of the preceding paragraph and sample code.
